one of the most important victories of the
season for the biancazzurri of feola that
in the tender valid for the twenty-seventh
day of the championship series d
round i beat alles hold the
neapolis 2 to 1
I open as long as possible to the best of the draw
torrecuso with the montalto returning to
seven lengths of advantage of the bells
beautiful and intense race for the giant who
closes in ten men due to expulsion
of the captain chiavola and suffers up to
end the return of the guests in the first
time a single team takes to the field
with the hosts who go immediately
close to scoring with a little header
the biancazzurri are lucky with melons
they play a spectacular football
risking very little but without however
find the way of the goal to unlock the
however, the thirtieth thinks about one race
feat of Catania that served by a
de rossi cross punishes with the
left licciardo the reaction of the
neapolis and arrive immediately with a
shot from outside expected in the best of the
ways from a plastic flight of d'Alessandro
goal of the doubling that comes instead
on the development of a corner where the
captain chiavaro stands out head and
closes the top 45 with double
blue-white advantage
at the beginning of recovery he tries again on
little lucky melons that you see
again deny the joy of goal from
licciardo but in the second half we see
also and above all the neapolis that the
fifty-fifth makes the most of it
tranquility of the biancazzurri and on a
corner to notice distances with prisco
after a goal canceled to savanarola for
offside
the hosts remain in ten lawsuit
double yellow of the captain but the bells
do not take advantage of it by making people cry out
joy a whole state to the triple
final whistle with seven points of
advantage and two fundamental tenders
front with torrecuso for
the akragas has arrived at the showdown
the pro league has never been so close
the most important thing the team has
won and that decreased a game this
most important thing that interests me and
we did it a mere first time
the most beautiful of the whole season
resounding
the thing that I regret not having
already made 4000 a team that the first one
time of fa we had seven eight
goal balls but will ask first 70 indeed 7 a
1 the parade of riccardo 71 we said
if you did not go well but after the second
time is obvious a little bit we fell
because let's not forget that if one
team has no medium age a little high
in addition we had a bowl that he did not have
had some problems he had
too much that hadn't marked for a month
we had savonarola that he too from the
disqualification and the injury he too has
had some problems
and of course you have to pay a little bit a
little more, however, the thing
important that the boys have tightened
teeth have suffered and not
let's forget when it's big
important sword team the players
important, however, the beautiful thing that the
first time we gave show